"is Microsoft's first server-side scripting language and engine for dynamic web pages."	ASP
is an iterative design process in which designers focus on the users and their needs in each phase of the design process.	User-centered design
... is a classification system in which end users apply public tags to online items, typically to make those items easier for themselves	folksonomy
An ... is a type of artificial neural network used to learn efficient codings of unlabeled data (unsupervised learning).	autoencoder
... is an iterative approach to project management and software development that helps teams deliver value to their customers faster and with fewer headaches.	Agile Software Development
"... is a typically covert method of bypassing normal authentication or encryption in a computer, product, embedded device (e.g. a home router), or its embodiment (e.g. part of a cryptosystem, algorithm, chipset, or even a ""homunculus computer"" —a tiny computer-within-a-computer such as that found in Intel's AMT technology)."	Backdoor
... in electrical engineering, computer science, and information theory, is the tight upper bound on the rate at which information can be reliably transmitted over a communication channel.	Bandwidth
... occurs when there is not transparency into data use, and users or other parties experience mysterious data quantification	Data Bleed
... is the act of publicly providing personally identifiable information about an individual or organization	Doxing
is the process of encoding information.	Encryption
algorithms are a class of adaptive filter used to mimic a desired filter by finding the filter coefficients that relate to producing the least mean square of the error signal	Least mean squares filter
... is an open standard for access delegation, commonly used as a way for internet users to grant websites or applications access to their information on other websites but without giving them the passwords.	OAuth
Spoofing	is when a caller deliberately falsifies the information transmitted to your caller ID display to disguise their identity.
is a security standard for computing devices equipped with wireless internet connections.	WPA
is a set of web development techniques that uses various web technologies on the client-side to create asynchronous web applications.	AJAX
... is a directory service developed by Microsoft for Windows domain networks.	Active Directory
is an interface standard for a serial bus for high-speed communications and isochronous real-time data transfer.	Firewire
... is a free and open-source Unix-like operating system descended from the Berkeley Software Distribution	FreeBSD
is a network security system that monitors and controls incoming and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules.	Firewall
...is a standard communication protocol used for the transfer of computer files from a server to a client on a computer network.	FTP